You're talking nonsense, we didn't mean that.
No best
willing to admit defeat
I, Long Tian, hate people who cheat the most
This
Why do you listen to Long Jingtian's orders?
Why did Long Shuai give Long Jingtian money?
Keep your mouth shut
What should we Long Shuai do?
It's not up to you people to discuss it casually
Otherwise, don't blame us for being ruthless
Only the dragon and the phoenix will find out
We will never speculate
Make a bet with the stars
I don't know Ye Suifeng
Hurry up 3.
Dragon Guard, please calm down
Are you satisfied today?
Our covenant seems to be insufficient
Only kneel
Don't go too far. Hmm.
I'm sorry dad
Good son
Just be obedient
Long, wait for me for a few days.
How dare you hit me